Club Officer Installation Script

(Note: please refer to Club Leadership Handbook for references: www.toastmasters.org/clh)

This year, I am serving as Area __ Director, formerly known as Area Governor. Area __ is composed of __ clubs, which includes __                 (names of all clubs in the area)__________ . My role as Area __ Director is to build new clubs and support all clubs in Area __ to become distinguished. 
I would like the outgoing club officers to stand.  Thank you for all your hard work in the past term. __(Name some achievements of the club)_ and you should be very proud. You are discharged from all further duties and responsibilities of your office. (Applause)
(Fill in name of the outgoing president), as you transition from the role you formerly held, your service is not finished. You now serve as a resource to the incoming Officers. WILL YOU PERFORM THESE DUTIES TO THE BEST OF YOUR ABILITY?(Wait for a positive answer)

The Officers are like colors of the rainbow. By itself, a nice color…but joined together, create an enlightened experience.

I would like all of the new officers to come forward and stand at the front of the room.  As I call your name, please come up and stand in order:   Sergeant at Arms Fill in name Treasurer Fill in name Secretary Fill in name VPPR Fill in name VPM Fill in name VPE Fill in name PresidentFill in name

I am here to install the officers of the Fill in Club Name and to prepare them for the challenges that lie ahead. Their collective challenge is to make this club strong and dedicated to helping people from all walks of life to speak in an effective manner, listen with sensitivity and think creatively. I will ask each officer to hold the gavel as a symbol of leadership, as I briefly describe the challenges he or she must meet and the responsibilities he or she must fulfill.

S@Arms = brown. The earth, the ground we walk on.

Sergeant at arms, fill in name.   You are responsible for setting the stage for the TM meetings. Your duties include securing a room for the meeting, maintaining club equipment, arranging the room before the meetings, and greeting members and guests. Will you perform these duties to the best of your ability? (Wait for a positive answer)

Treasurer = white. Keeps us pure and honest.

Treasurer, fill in name.  Your primary job is to collect and send the semi-annual dues, work with the VP of Membership to follow up on members who do not pay dues, and keep good financial records for the club. Will you perform these duties to the best of your ability?(Wait for a positive answer)

Secretary = Red. Keeps all of our documents alive and alerts us of any time sensitive needs.

Secretary, fill in name. You are responsible for maintaining an accurate club roster, mailing the club officer list to World Headquarters, and handling general club correspondence. Will you perform these duties to the best of your ability? (Wait for a positive answer)

VP PR = Yellow. Showing fun, enthusiasm, and excitement for the club and new members.

VP of Public Relations, fill in name.  Your job is to promote the club to local media and potential guests, to welcome guests when they arrive, and to support other membership programs. Will you perform these duties to the best of your ability? (Wait for a positive answer)

VP Membership = Green. As you look for new, freshness in members and opportunities.

VP of Membership, fill in name.  Your job is to conduct an ongoing membership program that will promote the membership goals of this club. You should follow up on guests and help retain current members. Will you perform these duties to the best of your ability?(Wait for a positive answer)

VPE = Blue. As Blue is loyal to the Club, its members, and the President.

VP of Education, fill in name.  You are responsible for planning successful club meetings so that each member has the opportunity to achieve his or her educational goals. You are the second-highest ranking club officer and will preside at club meetings in the absence of the President. Will you perform these duties to the best of your ability?(Wait for a positive answer)

President = Purple. Representing royalty, elegance, and the face of the club.

Toastmaster fill in name, having been elected to the President of the fill in name of clubToastmasters Club, you are its chief executive officer and will be expected to preside at all Club meetings and at all meetings of your executive committee.

It is your challenge to see that this club enables its members to achieve their educational goals. It is also your challenge to see that your club helps the area, division, district and Toastmasters International to meet their goals. Please accept the gavel as a symbol of your leadership and dedication to the office.

Will you, as President, accept this challenge and perform your duties to the best of your abilities? (Wait for a positive answer)

It is now my pleasure to declare these Toastmasters installed into the offices to which they have been elected.

Will everyone please stand? The growth and development of the Toastmasters program depends largely upon the actions of this group. On your honor, as men and women of Toastmasters, do you pledge to individually and collectively stand by this club, and work with it throughout the coming year? 
(Wait for a positive answer)

Will the newly installed club president and immediate past president please join me at the lectern. [Insert immediate past president’s name here], as immediate past president of Club [insert club name here], will you offer the president’s pin to [insert incoming president’s name here] as a symbol of [his/her] dedication and service? And [insert incoming president’s name here], as president of Club [insert club name here], will you offer the past president’s pin to [insert immediate past president’s name here] for [his/her] dedication and service?
(It doesn’t have to be a pin.  It can be a certificate, a ribbon, a card, etc, depends on the club.  If the club doesn’t have anything, be creative and give them something to present.)
(The installing officer and immediate past president leave the lectern.)
(Recommend the new president then gives a three-minute speech, outlining the goals for his or her term.)



1


