Assignment 3 [20 points]

Due on Tuesday 6/4 at 11:59pm.
Late is -10 points off
Submit .java files only
Instructions

You are going to create a Java program called Employees.java that will create an Excel spreadsheet.

Create a Java class called Employee that represents an employee. Fields include name, hourly salary, and hours worked. You are welcome to add any additional fields, and any methods you may need.  Optional: You can create a Person class, and then create Employee as a subclass of Person. [3 points]
Create a Java class called Driver, which will be the driver class (the one with the main method). In the main method, ask the user how many employees are there. For each employee, prompt the user to enter the employees name, hourly salary, and hours worked [3 points]
Store each employee as an Employee object [1 points]
Store all the employees in an a collection of your choice such as a list (any kind), set or map [2 points]
Create a static method called printSalaryReport that takes a collection (based on the type that you stored it as) of employees as a parameter.  This method will create a file called employee.csv [2 points] 
Include a header for each column[1 points]
Iterate or loop through all employees, print out all the data (comma separated), and also calculate the weekly pay (hours * salary)  [3 points]
The .csv file extension stands for comma separated values. To create an Excel spreadsheet in Java, you simply need to create a plain text file with the following format:

Employee Name, Salary, Hours, Weekly Pay
Bob, 12.75, 40, 510.00
Joe, 18.50, 35, 647.50
Mary, 15.30, 15, 229.50

Finally, add any 1of these 5  features to your program.Please list out all items that you worked on in the comments box when submitting the assignment. 5 points for the first feature, and for each additional feature you decide to add, you will get +1 extra credit point on this assignment.   [5 points]

Exception Handling: Create your own Exception class, and use it. Manually throw your exception in a try block, and catch it
Logging: Create a log file that logs at least 10 items of various log levels
Generics: Create you own Generic class OR generic method, and demonstrate using it
Swing: Create a Swing GUI for your program
Java API: Write javadoc style comments for ALL classes and methods. Run the javadoc tool to create an API, and then zip up the contents of the doc folder and attach it with your submission.
After running the program, right click and "Refresh" the Java project and you should see the file appear. Try to open the employees.csv file in Excel and it should put each employee on a new row, with each field in a different column.